feat(ai): support text-to-speech capabilities (single & multi-speaker configurations) for non-Live API models (#10145)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/cool-bugs-pump.md

---
'@firebase/ai': minor
'firebase': minor
---

> Add multi-speaker speech configuration support

Reviewer: Can we describe this feature more accurately? Multi-speaker is only one of the capabilities being added. This change also adds text-to-speech capabilities (single or multi speaker) for non Live API models. This will be used by the person on release rotation as a source of info for writing up the public release notes so while the wording doesn't have to be perfect, it should contain all the information we want to put out in the public release notes.

> Introduces text-to-speech capabilities (supporting both single and multi-speaker configurations) for non-Live API models (e.g Gemini API TTS). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added support for text-to-speech capabilities (both single- and multi-speaker configurations) for non-Live API models (for example, Gemini TTS models).
```

Author: Done.
